The fact that over 50%, as far as we can tell,
of gray whale populations have been lost.
Like people don't really know that.
We basically used to have a thriving business
from December through April for gray whales.
I no longer have much business for them.
Eventually, their drop is going to bottom out,
and then there will be a balance.
I think awareness is a big part of it.
This isn't really the best time politically.
But these whales, by the law of the Endangered Species Act,
should go back onto the endangered species list.
But they won't unless we act like,
okay, if we care about these individual whales,
then we'll start caring about the broader picture
of the ocean and the health of our oceans.